An AI Agent does not forget only because information is missing.
It can also lose focus because too much undifferentiated information competes for a finite attention budget.
First, manage the whole context state, not only the prompt.
Keep goals, constraints, tools, evidence, and current state according to what changes the next decision.
Second, raise signal quality.
Use instructions at the right altitude, a minimal tool set, and a few canonical examples instead of brittle rules and edge-case piles.
Third, retrieve detail on demand.
Keep stable essentials up front and let the Agent progressively open changing or specialized material through clear references.
Finally, protect long tasks with compaction, structured notes, and the six-part Minimum High-Signal Context Pack.
Keep the signal, retrieve the detail, and preserve the working state.
Follow Tiny Agent.
Tiny Agent helps you get better at using AI.